Ted Cruz tweeted a segment video that he
likely didn't realize was from our show
about two years ago we went out and
truly asked people we asked random
people passing by if they could name a
country on a map we set up and many of
them could not name a country it had
nothing to do with their political
affiliation but Ted Cruz posted it you
wrote this is Bernie's base the same
folks who tell pollsters that socialism
is great because free stuff is cool and
they have no idea how many countries
have tried it and utterly failed the
antidote facts truth and substance of
course the guy's talking about facts
truth and substance made that all up
David there were not Bernie supporters
we don't know who they supported we
didn't ask Bernie wasn't even running
when we shot this but in fairness to
sweaty Teddy we decided to revisit this
subject we went out in the street and we
asked people who do not support Bernie
Sanders Sanders in fact quite the
opposite we asked them to name a country
any country and this is how they did are
you registered Democrat can you name a
country on this map
nobody does Africa nope Russian nope
that's China
anything over here oh alright so
basically Europe where is Europe
don't know I am NOT can you name a
country on this map Asia or Africa
that's a continent oh okay beauty of a
country in Africa no you support the
president yeah
can you name a country on this map how
about this about this country anything
here anything here no how about this
country
can you name a country on this map
lose a kneecap tree Indian I don't know
can you point to a country all this at
USS on yes no that's China
oh right and my fault Tiffany are you a
democrat or republican republican knows
every lame can you name a country on
this map Mexico nope that would be Asia
no that's Africa how about this
here maybe over here put up this
continent I have no idea how about
anything over here
listen juju Zoomer what about this
specific right nothing
do you support Ted Cruz yes yes
it's very sad but you go ahead and pour
that food back if you liked that video
click Subscribe and we'll be together
until one of us dies